Game Name: The Search for the Lost Code
User-Level Description: This is a text-based adventure game set in Bayview Glen's Upper School where you are required to complete an AP Computer Science Assignment but are faced with conflicts and encrypted files. You must locate the items and characters needed to successfully deliver your completed assignment to Mr. DesLauriers. 
Play the game by following the instructions and typing one of the appropriate commands. Explore your surroundings and interact with different items and characters in order to complete your mission and complete the lost code. 

Special features of the Game: 
Teleporter to Random room 
"back" command that lets you go back to the previous room infinitely until you reach the first room you were in.
Load/Save functionality
Loading rooms, items, and characters
Customizable data files for rooms, items, and characters
Parser that recognizes 4-word commands
Player and room inventories 
Includes many commands: "go", "back", "quit", "help", "eat", "use", "take", "drop", "give", "hit", "talk", "random", "n", "e", "s", "w", "u", "d","items", "save", "xyzzy"

Implementation Description:
To implement the functions to load and save, all of the functions are implementing the "Serializable" interface.
Game class contains the main implementation of the game. 
Room class contains details + methods for rooms.
Inventory represents a collection of items and creates roomInventory and playerInventory
Item is the class implementing the items along with a use function.
Parser is a 4-word parser created to manage different commands listed. 
Command and CommandWords are the implementations of the different commands.
Character, Weapon classes are not very developed in the actual game itself but contain basic methods for usage. 
Zork is the main and where files are saved/loaded if they exist.

Bugs in the Game:
Not able to win as the game is not completed with advanced character interactions implemented - characters are in. 
Weapon methods exist but weapons do not exist in the game.